Fix language and typos (#979)
grafana/grafana-infinity-datasource: docs/sources/references/reference-data.md

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/153843/198976089-0736c591-2a53-4aac-a58f-00f3c92797f8.png#center)

> > **NOTE**: We suggest to add only small size data as reference data. It is designed to support data of less than 1-10MB size in mind. Adding data of bigger size may affect the performance of Grafana and the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< admonition type="note" >}}
We suggest to add only small size data as reference data.
It's designed to support data of less than 10 MB. Adding data of bigger size may affect the performance of Grafana and the plugin.
{{< /admonition >}}
```
